	In my time working on this project I learned quite a bit about new methods to software development such as project layout 
and various methods we never touched on in the program which resulted in quite a large learning experience that absolutely
pushed my skill level even further.  I hadn't done this much work in discovering my own techniques and using new skills up
until this point.  Given that I obviously ran into struggles along the way, but those tend to push your learning even further.

	The idea for the project came to me in the days before the class began, when I was playing an older tower defense game that
used towers as obstacles to create the most inefficient path possible, called Defense Grid.  After playing a few levels I
couldn't help but feel the game loses it's luster once you've played levels multiple times and understand the best layout for
tower placement.  So I came up with the idea of a randomly generating map that still held onto the core concept of making the
enemies take the longest path you could come up with.

	The general overview of the game is that a 3x3 grid of square prefabs is genrated on game load.  Then after a short delay
giving the player time to set up some towers the enemies begin spawning at a set interval of five seconds.  At each minute mark
the enemies increase their spawn rate up until the six minute mark where one is spawning every second.  Towers are placed with 
their own navmesh obstacle to "break up" the navmesh baked onto the full map, and alter the route of the enemies.  Theres scripts
ranging from tower damage, to camera movement, to enemy health and so on.

	The project wan't without it's hiccups, though.  Not finding the time to import assets and put detail into the project after
realizing the placeholder objects would have a different size and shape requiring a large setback was disappointing.  Rendering
the physical map wasn't too difficult, but getting the navmesh so bake dynamically without causing bugs took lots of time. I had
so many issues with the enemies interacting with things and catapulting them across the map, and getting them to use ramps well 
required a lot of tweaking.  And the firing script took quite some time as well, such as getting the towers to fire at the 
nearest enemy and such.  Given the delays I had in some of these parts, I was unfortunately unable to add other things I planned
on such as different types of towers, tougher enemies at certain points, a menu, and so on.

	Overall I'm very happy with the outcome despite falling short in a few areas I expected to have completed.  I learned so
much in this process, more than I anticipated.  ANd it's always a project I can come back to and work with whenever I feel like it.